"Selenium programming Questions ask any 5 programs (you can also ask other questions after completing this 5)----
1.Write A Script to print all the links in amazon.in?
2.WAS to print all the autosuggestion after typing selenium in google search text box?
3.Write one POM class for LOgin to Actitime Application along with Testclass or main method class?
4.WAS to take the screen shot of google.com?
5.WAP to read the data from Excel?(just write no execution)
6.WAS to print all the options of slv list box ?(give html code)
7.WAS to print all the options of slv list box without duplicate?
8.WAS to print all the options of slv list box only duplicates?
9.WAS to print all the options of slv list box in alphabetic order?
10.WAS to close all the browser without using quit method?"
11.Write A Script to print all the url's of the all the links in amazon.in?
12.WAS to select all the checkbox for any given web site?
13.WAS to print all the content of the web table for any given web site?

"Selenium theory Questions ask any 10 or all--- (you can also ask other questions after completing this)
Ask them to show resume and Go through the resume
1.Tell me about yourself
2.Write and Explain the Frame Work which you have used in your project?
3.what is the diff b/w FE and FE's
4.what is the diff b/w IW and EW
5.Sytax of IW and EW
6.Methods of webdriver,WeBElement
7.What is assertion?
7.a.what is the diff b/w Assert and soft Asset
8.what is data driven testing
9.what is the POM
10.what is TestNG
11.what is Automation?And Advantages?
12.what is selenium webdriver?
13.Type of Frame Work available in the industry?
14.How do you handle the frames in selenium?
15.How do you handle Mouse hover in selenium?
16.How do you handle Disabled Elements in selenium?
17.When we stale Element Reference Exception and how do you handle it.explain with program?
18.What are all the oops concept used in selenium?
19.where have you used method overloading in selenium?
20.where have you used method overridding in selenium?














